---
title: Database
icon: icon-park-outline:database-code
createTime: 2024/12/11 18:35:49
permalink: /en/guide/zhl29k50/
---
## Currently

PDATA currently uses the open-source, efficient, convenient, and flexible relational database `MySQL` as the foundation for its database support.

### Features of MySQL

- `Open-source nature`: MySQL is open-source software, available for free, with a large community offering support and contributions.
- `Cross-platform`: MySQL can run on various operating systems, including Windows, Linux, and macOS.
- `High performance`: MySQL is a high-performance database system capable of handling large amounts of data and requests.
- `Stability and reliability`: MySQL has undergone long-term development and testing, ensuring high stability and reliability.
- `Ease of use`: MySQL is relatively simple to install and configure, with a low learning curve, making it suitable for beginners and small to medium-sized projects.

## Future Plans

Although PDATA currently uses `MySQL` as its primary database, we are considering migrating to another database in the future. In fact, we have already planned to switch from MySQL to `MongoDB`. Why?

MongoDB is a document-oriented, distributed database system designed to store and manage large amounts of structured and unstructured data.

### 1. Core Concepts

- `Document storage`: One of the core concepts of MongoDB is document storage. Documents are JSON-like objects containing key-value pairs, which can easily store complex and nested data structures. Unlike traditional relational databases, MongoDB documents do not require a predefined schema, offering great flexibility and scalability.
- `Distributed`: MongoDB is designed as a distributed system, capable of scaling across multiple nodes and servers. This enables horizontal scaling, allowing it to handle massive amounts of data and ensuring high availability.

### 2. Key Features

- `Dynamic schema`: MongoDB documents do not require a strict schema, allowing them to adapt to changing data structures.
- `Indexes`: MongoDB supports indexing document fields to improve query performance.
- `Aggregation`: MongoDB provides a powerful aggregation framework to summarize and analyze data from document collections.
- `MapReduce`: MongoDB supports MapReduce operations for parallel processing of large datasets.
- `Replication`: MongoDB can be configured for master-slave replication, providing data redundancy and availability.

### 3. Advantages

- `High performance`: MongoDB performs excellently when handling large volumes of data and high-concurrency requests.
- `Flexibility`: The document model of MongoDB offers immense flexibility, accommodating evolving data structures.
- `Scalability`: MongoDB can easily scale horizontally across multiple nodes and servers to handle massive data volumes.
- `Ease of use`: MongoDB provides a rich query language and tools, making data management and analysis simple and intuitive.

Therefore, in the future, you may see us migrate from `MySQL` to `MongoDB`. You need not be surprised, as this change will bring an enhanced experience.
