---
title: Host deployment
icon: clarity:host-line
createTime: 2024/12/09 17:52:32
permalink: /en/guide/qwc6j0hc/
---

- Prerequisites:
    - You have obtained the front-end and back-end service codes on the target server. For details, refer to
      the [Quick Start](../quick-start.md).

## Backend Service Host Deployment

- Python version needs to be higher than 3.7.2.
- Install the Python environment.

You can choose the method to install Python based on your system.

::: tabs
@tab :[logos:ubuntu]:ubuntu

```bash
apt install python
```

@tab :[devicon:centos]:centos

```bash
yum install python
```

:::

- Install dependencies.

```bash
cd data_backend 
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Start Backend Service

After ensuring the environment is set up correctly, proceed to the startup step

```bash
cd data_backend
nohup python -u runner.py >> ./run.log 2>&1 &
```

## Frontend Service Host Deployment

### Install NodeJs

- If you are not familiar with NodeJs, you can skip this step and refer to [Installing NodeJs](./5.node) or visit
  the [NodeJs Official Website](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager) for installation instructions.

Once NodeJs is successfully installed, proceed with the following steps.

```bash
cd data_visualization
```

```bash
npm install
```

```bash
npm run build:prod
```

After running the above command, you will see a `dist` directory in the project root. This directory contains the production environment version of the project after the build process. Now that we have the complete front-end project code, the next step is to use the Nginx service.

### Installing Nginx

If you are already familiar with Nginx, you can proceed with the configuration directly. Otherwise, refer to [Installing Nginx](./4.nginx) or visit the [Nginx Official Website](https://nginx.org/) for installation instructions.

Once completed, you can access your deployed front-end project by visiting your domain or server IP address in a browser.

For example, open http://your-frontend-app.com (replace `your-frontend-app.com` with your actual domain or IP address), and you should be able to see the homepage of the front-end project.
